hi there my name is Kelly Eden and this
is my channel so it's summertime and one
of my favorite things about summer is
flowers I mean obviously I love flowers
because my last name is Eden whose keep
it cool
okay so I'm going to teach you guys a
really easy trick on how to put flowers
in your hair and make sure that they
last all day so I have a really
beautiful bouquet of flowers in a
balloon ignore the balloon the balloon
has nothing to do with this I have a
really beautiful bouquet of flowers that
my boyfriend sent me for our one-year
anniversary and they're kind of near the
end of their lives so I was just kind of
inspired to use the last bit of their
life for this look so if they should
last through the day what you're going
to need is fresh flowers floral tape you
can get this on Amazon for about four or
five dollars they have like ten
different colors so depending on what
color your hair is you can match it you
will need scissors and then you just
need some bobby pins if you have really
colorful hair a really good trick to do
is actually to spray-paint your bobby
pins so let's get started just cut it
there and you're going to need just like
about maybe a half an inch of stem first
thing I'm going to do is I'm going to
start wrapping the end the tail of the
stem and with the bobby pin facing down
I'm going to slip the tape in between it
the tape tears really easily because
this is floral tape so you can also use
duct tape if you want to but it might
not hold on to the flower very well
if you're going to do a larger flower
that has a thicker stem it's a little
bit more difficult so what you're going
to need is a larger bobby pin and then
I've wrapped it several times just to
give myself a little bit more support
so that wraps it up I hope you guys
learn something new thanks for tuning in
I will see you next time bye